---
categories:
- news
- services
date: '2026-07-16'
description: Our landscape architecture services include projects, dendrological services,
  supervision and consulting. Check how we can support your investment.
header:
  image: /assets/images/news/facebook.png
  teaser: /assets/images/news/facebook.png
layout: single
tags:
- landscape architecture
- dendrology services
- design services
- supervision
- consulting
- historic monuments
- training
title: Services
lang: en
---

We present to you a comprehensive range of services based on three main pillars of the Company's activity: design, dendrology, and supervision. We possess valuable experience and great passion in conducting projects for historic monuments under conservator protection. We provide comprehensive investment services and operate at every stage of the project.


Our services encompass a broad spectrum of landscape architecture services, divided into several key areas:

**Dendrology services**
We offer greenery inventories, dendrology management plans, opinions and expert assessments, tree inspections for safety, emergency dendrology service, and tree protection designs.

**Design services**
We carry out site development projects, green space designs, private gardens, and designs of urban parks and recreational areas.

**Supervision**
We provide supervision by the Green Space Inspector, dendrological supervision over construction works conducted in the vicinity of trees, tree care, tree removal and tree examinations, supervision over the proper course of the design process and formal-legal activities, as well as protection of trees designated for retention on the construction site.

**Historic monuments**
We conduct field and detailed dendrological inventories, study elaborations, research queries, studies and analyses, as well as reconstruction, revitalization and revitalization of historic monuments projects.

**Consulting**
We offer consulting for specialists, investors and future investors, conduct formal-legal activities related to obtaining permits and decisions, assistance in preparing the Description of the Subject of the Contract (OPZ) and tender materials, support in crisis situations, and planning actions when purchasing a plot and optimizing costs.

**Training**
We conduct training based on practical knowledge gathered through years of professional experience, delivered by a qualified team, with topics tailored to the needs of the group.